
The authors study the problem of variable selection in
high-dimensional convex non-parametric regression.  Concretely,
suppose that we observe noisy samples of a convex function from $R^p$
to $R$, but one that happens to depend only on $s \ll p$ of its
coordinates.  The goal is to estimate these $s$ coordinates.  Previous
work by Comminges and Dalalyan suggested that without convexity
constraints, the required sample size can grow exponentially in $s$.
This paper provides a simple procedure that, when applied to a convex
function satisfying a certain additive faithfulness condition, has a
required sample size depending only polynomially on the sparsiity.
The procedure is easy to describe, consisting of two stages that can
be implemented in polynomial time.

Three expert referees have now reviewed the paper, and all agree that
the paper has a number of results that are of interest to AOS, but
that some major revisions are required.  Below I recapitulate a few
point of the reviewers', along with some questions/comments of my own.
These (as well as other points in the reviews) need to be thoroughly
addressed in the revised manuscript.

-- Boundary flatness condition: much of the paper's analysis hinges on
this condition.  Reviewer 3 raises some concerns about when it holds,
especially for functions that are not necessarily supported on the
unit hypercube.  See also the point below.

-- Intuitively, variable selection is very closely related to
estimating a function (or possibly its partial derivatives) in the
sup-norm.  It is well-known that accurate estimation of functions
(whether in L^2 or the sup-norm) with bounded smoothness in dimension
$s$ requires a sample size that grows exponentially in $s$.  For this
reason, the past result of Comminges and Dalalyan (suggesting an
exponential growth for variable selection) is to be expected.
However, in terms of metric entropy, the class of convex functions
behaves roughly like the class of two-smooth functions (e.g., Dryanov
(2009)).  So at first glance, this makes the result of this paper
rather surprising---namely, that one can somehow side-step any
exponential growth in $s$, even though the metric entropy is still
scaling as badly as the case of 2-smooth functions.  I wondered if the
authors could comment and shed insight on this fact, which seems a
little counterintuitive.  What I suspect that it could mean is that
the additive faithfulness (AF) condition, or one of the sufficient
conditions for AF (namely boundary flatness) are somehow very
restrictive.  Could the authors comment on these issues?

-- Writing and proofs need to be tidied up in places to make it easier
to follow.  See various comments of referees, particularly the
detailed ones of R2.  Also, in Theorem 3, please remind the author of
when/where the AC/DC estimators were defined.  (I was forced to dig
back through.)
